README.md, before:

# Deep Reinforcement Learning with MuJuCo Humanoid Environment

> This is the final project for the course "Deep Reinforcement Learning" at the National Tsing Hua University.
> The goal of this project is to train an agent to solve [the MuJuCo Humanoid environment](https://gymnasium.farama.org/main/environments/mujoco/humanoid/).

## Installation

### Create a Conda Environment

```bash
conda create -n humanoid python=3.11 -y    # python >= 3.8 or <= 3.11 is required
conda activate humanoid
```

### Install Dependencies

```bash
conda install pytorch -c pytorch -y        # install pytorch as per your operating system
pip3 install "gymnasium[mujoco]" stable-baselines3 numpy==2.0.0rc2 tensorboard
```

### Fix MuJuCo Rendering Bug

In `$CONDA_PATH/envs/humanoidrun -n libpython3.11/site-packages/gymnasium/envs/mujoco/mujoco_rendering.py`, there is an bug relating to the rendering of the MuJuCo environment.
To fix this bug, you need to replace the following code in line 592:

- Before:
    ```python
            self.add_overlay(
                bottomleft, "Solver iterations", str(self.data.solver_iter + 1)
            )
    ```

- After:
    ```python
            self.add_overlay(
                bottomleft, "Solver iterations", str(self.data.solver_niter + 1)
            )
    ```

After this fix, the rendering of the MuJuCo environment should work properly.

## Usage

### Training

```bash
conda run -n humanoidpython3 train.py <options...>
```

#### Options

- `-h`, `--help`

    Show help message and exit

- `-t`, `--timesteps`: `[int]`
                    
    The total number of timesteps to train for. (Default: `1_000_000`)

- `--no-wrapper`

    Disable the wrapper for the environment. (Default: `False`)

- `-a`, `--algo`: `["sac","ppo","td3"]`

    The algorithm to use for training. (Default: `sac`)

- `-l`, `--lr`, `--learning-rate`: `[float]`

    Learning rate. (Default: `0.00025`)

### Evaluating

```bash
conda run -n humanoidpython3 eval.py <options...>
```

#### Options

- `-h`, `--help`

    Show help message and exit

- (**required**) `-m`, `--model`, `--model-name`: `[str]`

    The name of the model to evaluate.

- `-r`, `--render`

     Render the environment. (Default: `False`)

## Finished

```bash
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a sac
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a sac --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a td3
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a td3 --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ppo
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ppo --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a a2c
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a a2c --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ddpg
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ddpg --no-wrapper
```

Commit message:

refactor: Update train.py to include n_envs argument for parallel environment execution

README.md, after:

# Deep Reinforcement Learning with MuJuCo Humanoid Environment

> This is the final project for the course "Deep Reinforcement Learning" at the National Tsing Hua University.
> The goal of this project is to train an agent to solve [the MuJuCo Humanoid environment](https://gymnasium.farama.org/main/environments/mujoco/humanoid/).

## Installation

### Create a Conda Environment

```bash
conda create -n humanoid python=3.11 -y    # python >= 3.8 or <= 3.11 is required
conda activate humanoid
```

### Install Dependencies

```bash
conda install pytorch -c pytorch -y        # install pytorch as per your operating system
pip3 install "gymnasium[mujoco]" stable-baselines3 numpy==2.0.0rc2 tensorboard
```

### Fix MuJuCo Rendering Bug

In `$CONDA_PATH/envs/humanoidrun -n libpython3.11/site-packages/gymnasium/envs/mujoco/mujoco_rendering.py`, there is an bug relating to the rendering of the MuJuCo environment.
To fix this bug, you need to replace the following code in line 592:

- Before:
    ```python
            self.add_overlay(
                bottomleft, "Solver iterations", str(self.data.solver_iter + 1)
            )
    ```

- After:
    ```python
            self.add_overlay(
                bottomleft, "Solver iterations", str(self.data.solver_niter + 1)
            )
    ```

After this fix, the rendering of the MuJuCo environment should work properly.

## Usage

### Training

```bash
conda run -n humanoidpython3 train.py <options...>
```

#### Options

- `-h`, `--help`

    Show help message and exit

- `-t`, `--timesteps`: `[int]`
                    
    The total number of timesteps to train for. (Default: `1_000_000`)

- `--no-wrapper`

    Disable the wrapper for the environment. (Default: `False`)

- `-a`, `--algo`: `["sac","ppo","td3"]`

    The algorithm to use for training. (Default: `sac`)

- `-n`, `--n_envs`: `[int]`

    The number of environments to run in parallel. (Default: `1`)

### Evaluating

```bash
conda run -n humanoid python3 eval.py <options...>
```

#### Options

- `-h`, `--help`

    Show help message and exit

- (**required**) `-m`, `--model`, `--model-name`: `[str]`

    The name of the model to evaluate.

- `-r`, `--render`

     Render the environment. (Default: `False`)

## Finished

```bash
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a sac
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a sac --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a td3
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a td3 --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ppo
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ppo --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a a2c
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a a2c --no-wrapper
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ddpg
conda run -n humanoid python3 train.py -a ddpg --no-wrapper
```
